Additional properities:
    1. add to_listform method in Game object
        In order to reduce the size on returning active game for user,
        I make a new method to avoid return full game information.
    2. add _choose_random_word method in HangmanApi
        Prepare a local word pool for random select word.
    3. change new_game request with mode selection
        easy: from 0(draw gallow) to 11(stop on hangman mouth)
        normal: form 2(draw hangman head) to 11(stop on hangman mouth)
        hard: from 2(draw hangman head) to 8(stop on hangman right leg)
    4. Progress Number for hangman as following definition:
        0: draw Gallow
        1: draw String
        2: draw hangman head
        3: draw hangman left hand
        4: draw hangman right hand
        5: draw hangman body
        6: draw hangman left leg
        7: draw hangman right leg
        8: draw hangman left eye on face
        9: draw hangman right eye on face
        10: draw hangman mouth on face
    5. Add history in Game object
        For playback the guess progress, I use a list to record input sequence.
        And go through make guess process and record in get_game_history endpoint.
    6. Modify SendReminderEmail
        Only send email for who has email and active game.
    
Struggles:
    1. get_user_rankings endpoint implementation
        I encounter to store data in Datastore or Python list to order the ranking.
        Finally I order it by Python to reduce the model object.
    2. Link score object with game object
        For the sack of reducing three score object column: input history, word in game and game url key.
        Make game object as a reference in score object to reduce the Datastore space.
    3. Normalized score definition
        The normalized score shold proportional to remaing attemps and target word length,
        but inversely proportional to game mode and guess counts.
        Therefore, I minus the difference between guess counts and target word length,
        and divide by the average from game mode (attempts limit) and guess length to make score looks better.
        